DOCSP-22988: pick n accumulators (#270)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/builders/aggregates.txt

for more information.

.. _java_aggregates_max_n:

MaxN
~~~~

The ``maxN()`` accumulator returns data from documents that contain the ``n``
highest values of a grouping.

The following example demonstrates how to use the ``maxN()`` method to
return the highest two ``imdb.rating`` values for movies, grouped by ``year``:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/builders/AccumulatorsPickN.java
   :start-after: // begin maxN accumulator
   :end-before: // end maxN accumulator
   :language: java
   :dedent:

See the `maxN API documentation <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/Accumulators.html#maxN(java.lang.String,InExpression,NExpression)>`__
for more information.

.. _java_aggregates_first_n:

FirstN
~~~~~~

The ``firstN()`` accumulator returns data from the first ``n`` documents in
each grouping for the specified sort order.

.. tip::

   The ``$firstN`` and ``$topN`` accumulators can perform similar tasks.
   See
   :manual:`Comparison of $firstN and $topN Accumulators </reference/operator/aggregation/firstN/#comparison-of--firstn-and--topn-accumulators>`
   for recommended usage of each.

> The following example demonstrates how to use the ``firstN()`` method to
> return the first four ``title`` values, based on the order they came into the
> stage, for movies, grouped by ``year``:
> 

Reviewer: issue (non-blocking): This is slightly out of alignment with the way you explain the other examples. I like the way you explain it in others as it comes across more clearly.

```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use the ``firstN()`` method to
return the first four movie ``title`` values, based on the order they came into the
stage, grouped by ``year``:

```
